Right from the last we we did some configuration update for making our routing work, but things were
not going as expected.
And we got this error message on the port 9000.
If I just go back to my original application, which is the home page, it still works fine.
So what is the problem here?
Let's try to debug what the error is shown here.
So as you can see, it shows that invalid hook calls and couple of messages here.
The one that you're really aware of is the message that is right here.
You might be having more than one copy of React in the same application.
Now what's happening with it is multiple copies of React is getting loaded on this same browser.
Now most of the single page application frameworks need that.
Only one copy of those frameworks should be present at one page.
And in this particular case, we can see that it's loading multiple of them.
So how do we fix this?
Well, for fixing this, the back module federation gives us an inbuilt parameter.
So let's have a look at that.
Now, if I just switch over to the homepage application that's right here, and if I go to the Webpack
config and let's check out the module federation configurations.
So all this is fine.
But we also need to specify one more property here, and that property is called as shared.
Now, what share does is it tell us, what are the libraries that I'm going to be sharing with the host
application?
So whenever any application is going to be calling any of this component, I'm going to be trying to
share it.
If the library if it's already present in the host application.
So what are the libraries that we're trying to share?
The first library is going to be react and the second library is React, Dom.
So these are the two libraries that we're trying to share.
Okay, so let's save this and try to run and see if things work as expected.
So I'm just going to be starting off my solo once again.
So let's stop that and say and parents of.
Okay.
So our application opens up once again, and this time we see that even our original application is
not working.
So we want the homepage application, which was loading earlier on this tap stopped working.
So what's the problem now?
Let me try to inspect that and see what's the problem here.
So I'll go to the console and now we get a new error.
It says that the shared module is not available for eager consumption.
Now, what this basically means is when our application starts off, it's not able to sort of find us
react and react, Dom.
So we need to sort of delay the entire initialization or the bootstrapping of the entire application.
Now, there's a very easy way of doing that.
Now, for doing that, what we're going to do is we're going to be creating a new file and moving things
around, not adding really any new code.
But this is going to help us sort of change the way we react.
Application Bootstrap.
So what I'm going to do over here is let's minimize all of this in this homepage application.
Let's go to the source folder and create a new file.
And we won't be calling this file as Bootstrap dot.
Yes, the name does not really matter.
We just need another file that's going to help us bootstrap this application.
So right now, the entire application is getting bootstrap via this index started.
And if you remember in our Webpack config, we have this indexed order setup as our initial application.
So basically when it's trying to initialize, it's not finding React and that's why everything is failing.
So what we need to do is from this index, start this, just select all, cut it from here and paste
it in your bootstrap dodges.
Just like that.
Save the file.
And in the next hour, guys, we are going to be importing that bootstrap file.
So I'll say import and then I'll say dot slash bootstrap.
All right.
So that's that's pretty much it, actually.
That's all the change that you need to do.
So if I just go back to my browser, you know, refresh and my application is back online.
So that was not a very difficult fix, quite easy fix, actually.
But you should understand why that particular issue came in and how it'll be fixing it.
Okay.
So now that we have this application running on Port 3000, let's check out if things are working on
our port 9000 as well, which is our main container application or a movie application.
So let me give that a refresh.
And we see that things are not working here as well.
So we need to be following the same strategy since we're getting the same error here as well.
So what I'll do is go to my we scored, let's minimize this, go to our movie application and make the
changes in Webpack config.
So in the back config, I'm going to be saying that if any application comes in or I'm loading any application,
we're going to be trying to share this stuff.
So we're going to be trying to share the react and react.
Dom if it is already present.
So I'll say react, react, done.
Now redacting this, I also need to be creating the bootstrap application for my movie app.
So let's just go on the ACR C folder, lets right click and see new file and let's call this at Bootstrap
dot d's as usual, just cut all the logic that is there in your indexed ideas, paste it in your bootstrap
Georges and just call your bootstrap file from the index file side of the import dart slash bootstrap.
You can also notice I do not need that dodgy extension here because by default it will be picking up
Dodgers only if the file type is different.
Maybe.
Then you need to be specifying the extension.
Okay.
So I just saved that file and I'm just going to be stopping myself.
The movie application server so that it picks up the change we did in the back.
So let's stop that and try to underscore once again.
And this time we get the error that the regenerator run time is not defined.
Now, this is basically because of the Babel polypill.
And if I just check out what the configuration on my movie application.
So in our bootstrap logs, we do not have that label polypill imported here.
And that's exactly why we're facing this error.
So I just come here and I say import, and then we can see at Babel.
And I don't have Babel pilot or here.
So let's just go ahead and install that.
So let me just stop my solo once and say NPM install, dash to save.
And here I'll put it as Babel slash by lethal.
All right.
So just get that library installed.
So once you have that installed, we can go ahead and import it.
So I'd say import at Babel.
And once you have that, save the file and tried to start of this hour once again.
So I say npm ran of.
And this time you see that our application indeed loads of and this time it is in the main application
that is our movie app in which we are actually loading the and that homepage application.
We can verify that by going to the inspect tab and we should be seeing two networks.
So if I just go to resources, so we have multiple servers from where all the data is coming in.
We have a port 9000, which is our main movie application.
So the application running on port number 3002, if I'm not wrong, it is this movie card application.
So the entire homepage application, then we also got this port number five, five, five, five and
this is from where we're getting the main node so is running and we're pulling down the page from there.
So as you can see, a lot of coordination is happening between the application and this is the true
power of micro frontend.
So I'm really excited about this and I'm going to be taking it more further.
And what are we setting up the different routes as well.
So right now if I just go to the other out, for example, the devs wrote it does not really have anything.
So let's just go ahead and fix that as well.